fix(limiter): fix compatibility problem of configuration (#10448)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-10448.en.md

Fix a compatibility issue of limiter configuration introduced by v5.0.23 which broke the upgrade from previous versions if the `capacity` is `infinity`. 

> Since v5.0.23, we had instead of `capacity` by `burst`, after this fix, a `capacity` with `infinity` value will be converted to a `burst` with a zero value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v5.0.23 we have replaced `capacity` with `burst`. After this fix, a `capacity = infinity` config will be automatically converted to equivalent `burst = 0`.
```
